Look at the previous video.
We have done one wrong thing here.
I have put the I and here I so change it to the one and simply run our program
and I'm here.
We are getting no error, simply getting this output.
So now go to the class and not here.
What we have to do, we have to get component.
From G panels.
The component which we have created, the component one and the component to.
Go to the.
Good to hear.
In constructor and dried component one will do cheap panel.
No, you panel do not get components.
Component two equals two
g panel.
Dubai to get components.
So here we get our components.
Know what we have to do.
We have to function.
And so the next thing which we have created a function to add action to G labels when we click.
So we have to write the body and we need that component here.
So what we will do, we need a for loop.
And here we write.
We will use the for each loop so we will light popcorn colon one.
We check if an instance of.
Julie.
Note this condition.
We have to.
Okay.
So we will write her.
She will.
Drilling boom boom to
level one right here and done.
And then we don't.
And we need the mouse listener here.
So we need a mouse listener.
And right new.
We need all.
In the abstract we know toolkit.
So what we have to write.
We need even.
He went to a platform.
Okay, so what do you have to write even though we need the mouse adapter?
Okay, so we need this mouse adapter
here.
We will write.
Who will write
me the mouse click.
Clint, who even tried.
Gentlemen, don't distract me.
And we need the mouse even here.
I need to see
that body.
We?
Right.
Thank.
Okay.
So tell me how to set up color.
So what we will do, we will try it.
We will load, set the background and set the color to my default.
Set it to the right here.
And then.
Know what we have to do before this.
We have done the chip.
No, we have done.
We have done the cheap one part here.
No.
This one is the cheap to.
Okay.
So simply what we have to do, we have to do this thing for a living.
And again, for another panel here.
So this is for the G panel to simply copy this.
Simply paste this.
And here we would like to panel three.
And simply what we need to do.
We have to change.
Key.
Listen.
We are waiting to hear.
This part is done here.
And we have function this election.
And so here everything is done after our nominee checks.
What do we have to do next?
We have to add action to the labels.
So addiction to labels.
So.
And action simply done.
So here, the part of action is done.